Trivia:

[ ATOM ]

The name "atom" comes from the ancient Greek "atomos," or "indivisible."

There are actually particles smaller than protons, neutrons, and electrons.

[ MOLECULE ]

I barely passed organic chemistry at my high school, and was so burned out 
by it that I switched to computer science in college.

[ STAR ]

The sun takes up about 99.86% of the mass in our entire solar system.

Neutron stars are formed by the collapse of supergiant stars. They are the densest known objects in the universe.

In a neutron star, all the protons and electrons fuse into neutrons. Hence the name.

Quasi-stars are theoretical stars where just the inner core collapses into a black hole. 
They may have existed during the early history of the universe.

[ PROTOPLANETARY DISK ]

The Oort Cloud is a theoretical cloud of icy debris and protoplanetary disks that surrounds our known solar system.

[ PLANET ]

The rotation of Venus is so slow that a day lasts longer than a year.

Saturn has 150 moons, as well as some smaller rocks that don't get to be called moons for some reason.

[ SOLAR SYSTEM ]

"2MASS J2126" is a planet 7000 times further from its star than Earth is towards the sun. 
This makes its solar system the largest on record.

[ GALAXY ]

The Andromeda Galaxy is the furthest object from Earth that can be viewed with the naked eye.

There are between 100-400 billion stars in the Milky Way, but there are over 3 trillion trees on Planet Earth.

[ MISC ]

Scientists still aren't sure what dark matter is. Neither are we. That's why we didn't put it in this game.

There are several competing theories as to why extraterrestrial life has not yet contacted us. 
They tend to vary depending on how much the speaker hates dealing with people.

The most likely fate of the universe is "heat death," where the temperature of all particles 
reaches equilibrium and nothing can ever move again.

“Once you can accept the universe as matter expanding into nothing that is something, 
wearing stripes with plaid comes easy.” - Albert Einstein

"I believe the universe wants to be noticed. I think the universe is improbably biased toward the consciousness, 
that it rewards intelligence in part because the universe enjoys its elegance being observed." - John Green

"It has been said that astronomy is a humbling and character-building experience. 
There is perhaps no better demonstration of the folly of human conceits than this distant image of our tiny world. 
To me, it underscores our responsibility to deal more kindly with one another, and to preserve and cherish the pale blue dot, 
the only home we've ever known." - Carl Sagan

"In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move." - Douglas Adams